This video we're going to use Django crispy forms to make the contact form look better.
This tutorial will be following the user installation guide.
So go to the following Django crispy forms you are out.
Go to the first installation step and copy Pipp install upgrades.
Django crispy forms.
Open up your terminal to install Django crispy forms.
Paste this into the terminal next open.
Try 10 settings IPY
squirrelled to install the apps and under contact add crispy undershoot core forms.
Once you're done that save settings stop.
Go back to the installation guide
scroll to template packs we're using the see SS frame or bootstrap 3 copy Krispy underscore template
underscore pack open up setting STARKIE why and paste this at the bottom adding to it equals bootstrap
open terminal and run the server
again.
Open the installation guide.
Scroll down to RUBINGH from Django uniform to Django crispy forms.
Copy.
Load.
Crispy.
Underscore forms.
Underscore takes open contact.
H-G amount.
Paste what you just copied onto a line to the crispy forms tag will now be loaded.
Open the installation guide again.
Step 4 shows an example of applying Chris betakes by adding Krispy
oping contact templates.
Contact each DML and on and delete A-S underscore P-E
from 110 in it's place type Krispy
save and then refresh the contact page.
The contact form looks way better this version of crispy form uses bootstrap 3.
We can adjust the window size to see the form is now responsive.
The form is too big.
Let's adjust its layout go to get bootstrapped dot com slash CSSA slash pounde grid.
We're going to talk about how bootstraps grid system works.
First of all bootstrap works on a grid system consisting of 12 columns in each row bootstraps examples
illustrate how you can divide each rows columns into different size sections.
For example one row has three sections.
This row is made up of three divisions.
Each division has class equals.
CIOL empty for the four means that each division takes up four columns of the 12 total columns available
for each route because four divided by 12 equals one third each of these divisions takes up a third
of the row.
Bootstrap is responsive to screen size.
Look at the example grid's at a specific window size the grid columns collapse into individual rows
This table shows the different class prefixes available such as call them asset class prefixes change
the window size the grid columns collapse and stack into rows.
For example if we used column S-M for the columns at a tablet like screen size would collapse and stack
into individual rows because of bootstraps responsive grid.
We can create templates that work for many different screen sizes.
I'm going to add a road to the project.
This row will constrain the form to one section in the row four columns wide open contact on HMO and
type division class equals row onto line 5 and under that on line 6 and division class equals column
dash extra small dash for make sure that you add closing tags for both of your divisions.
You can do this on line 17 and line 18 right under.
And if make sure you save and then refresh the contact page.
Now the form is a third of its previous size.
Again this is because each row has 12 columns where we have constrained this form to only four columns
open contact templates contact HGL and copy from division class open tag to the division closed tag.
Then paste it between the two closing division tags that we established and paste that twice over save
once again and refresh the contact page.
There are three forms.
Each form takes up a third of the row.
This is because we set each division in the row to take up four columns again in Bootstrap.
There are 12 columns in a row.
Drag the window size smaller each column has a class of column extra small for the Prefect's exit.
S means that the column in this row will never stack on top of each other.
Open Contact templates.
Contact him out.
Replace X s with M.D
save and then once again refresh your contact page.
Drag the window size smaller because we change the class Prefect's to M.D the columns will now collapse
on top of each other.
Once the window size is less than 992 pixel the other class prefixes are listed in the same bootstrap
CRID documentation I showed you earlier opened up templates contact HCM El.
We're going to delete from division class equals column empty for right through the division class closing
tag.
Then at the end of the remaining division class and the variable which is column dash S-M dash 6 and
column dash dash offset dash 3.
This can be found in line 6.
Now this form is six columns wide by offsetting three columns for each side of the form.
We centered it in the middle of the 12 column row
in this tutorial we added crispy forms to the project.
We then changed the bootstrap grid system.